Team,

I am glad that last Friday we have had the largest session so far,
with 17 people attending at least the first part of the
session. Welcome to Allan Chang, Nuoya Chen, Mrunal Gavali and Shuting
Zhang!

I hope that you have found something useful in this session, and I
hope that you have been inspired to bring your own questions next
time. It was illuminating to see the way Lola, Thomas, Matthew, and
Alan think while solving problems, and I dare to claim that their
boldness has been integral to the flow of the session.

As Matthew have promptly suggested, this Friday, November 4, MUGS III
is going to take place in BA2135 from 16:00 to 18:00. Professor
Burchard, who has interests ranging from geometric problems in
functional analysis, PDE and probability symmetrization to sharp
inequalities scheduling and delay analysis in communication networks,
will be giving a talk on the fruitful topic of symmetries and
reflections, with applications to minimization problems. For example,
we may look at the following question: starting from the north pole,
can we reach any point on the sphere by applying iteratively a finite
set of reflections?

We need to decide on our plan for Friday. If you prefer the talks to
the session, please send me a quick reply with the letter "t" in the
body or the subject of the email. If you, on the other hand, would
rather have a session and skip the talk, please send me the letter
"s". I will write you back with the results as soon as I get a
representative number of replies. Note that the talks will be counted
as an academic experience for the MAT240 study group (last time the
talks were counted as an academic experience for MAT157), which is one
of the requirements for getting CCR by the end of the term.

As a side note, if you have a github account and wish to contribute
any notes, handouts or any other material to the [[https://github.com/umus/ut.umu][ut.umu repository]],
please drop me an email with your account name.

I wish you a productive week and look forward to hearing from you soon.

Onwards!

-- sasha
